README.md, before:

# CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge
### A repository of resources for the Regional Transit Challenge (Sponsors: JAUNT, CAT, UTS)

## CAT

Current data:
* [General Transit Feed Specification](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/CAT_2017_08_GTFS.zip) is in `data/`
* [Last month's ridership](http://opendata.charlottesville.org/datasets/transit) is on the Open Data Portal. Its 1.7 million lines...

Current applications:
* Mobile App: [Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cville.cattail&hl=en_US&showAllReviews=true) and [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/charlottesville-area-transit/id733998147?mt=8)
* [ETAspot](http://catpublic.etaspot.net/) a route visualization tool.


## UTS

Current data:
*  [Full Service Package](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/UTS_FullServicePackage.xlsx) is a collection of stop time tables for each route and in `data/`.

*  [Fiscal Year 2017](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/UTS_FY17Ridership.xlsx) is an annual summary of ridership by route and service type, also in `data/`

Current applications:
* [Transloc](http://uva.transloc.com/) a real time bus locator.

## JAUNT

Current data:
 * [Paraservice Polygons](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/JAUNT_ParaService_Polygons.kmz) in `data/`
 
 * [Paraserve Rules](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/JAUNT_ParaServiceAreaRules.xlsx) in `data/`
 
## CID Solutions:

#### Updating the bus system
###### Authors: Kurian, Caitlin, Yaxin, & Emily

A low-tech signage design concept that improves rider experience with better information graphics at physical bus stops. [Presentation on Google Drive](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YaRRpS7c1sZ0nJa48UyGmU0kfkCY_FJnXnzSNiYD1Zs/edit?usp=sharing) and [sign prototypes on Figma]()


#### Fragmented but Fixable: Public Transportation in Charlottesville 
##### Authors: Caroline Chong,  Rickey Guo, Sung Joon Park, Edward Radion, and Yaman Shrestha

A more unified mobile transit app experience, through focused development on top of the current CAT platform. [Presentation on Google Drive.](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pzGlY2qiOwMG8-Sr2gts_U4k4uN9Z55-FEqStD3vaJA/edit?usp=sharing)

#### [jaunt_leaflet.R](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/jaunt_leaflet.R)
##### Authors: Samantha Toet, Justin Masters, and Nathan Day.

A R script for joining and visualizing JAUNT's service regions together with CAT's bus stops with Leaflet.

Commit message:

Adding Nate's post CID repo

README.md, after:

# CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge
### A repository of resources for the Regional Transit Challenge (Sponsors: JAUNT, CAT, UTS)

## CAT

Current data:
* [General Transit Feed Specification](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/CAT_2017_08_GTFS.zip) is in `data/`
* [Last month's ridership](http://opendata.charlottesville.org/datasets/transit) is on the Open Data Portal. Its 1.7 million lines...

Current applications:
* Mobile App: [Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cville.cattail&hl=en_US&showAllReviews=true) and [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/charlottesville-area-transit/id733998147?mt=8)
* [ETAspot](http://catpublic.etaspot.net/) a route visualization tool.


## UTS

Current data:
*  [Full Service Package](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/UTS_FullServicePackage.xlsx) is a collection of stop time tables for each route and in `data/`.

*  [Fiscal Year 2017](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/UTS_FY17Ridership.xlsx) is an annual summary of ridership by route and service type, also in `data/`

Current applications:
* [Transloc](http://uva.transloc.com/) a real time bus locator.

## JAUNT

Current data:
 * [Paraservice Polygons](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/JAUNT_ParaService_Polygons.kmz) in `data/`
 
 * [Paraserve Rules](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/data/JAUNT_ParaServiceAreaRules.xlsx) in `data/`

## Post CID Projects:
#### Integrated Service Platform
###### Authors: Nate
Take a look at Nate's [Ride Finder App](https://github.com/nathancday/ride_finder) and join the team to contribute! 

## CID Solutions:

#### Updating the bus system
###### Authors: Kurian, Caitlin, Yaxin, & Emily

A low-tech signage design concept that improves rider experience with better information graphics at physical bus stops. [Presentation on Google Drive](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YaRRpS7c1sZ0nJa48UyGmU0kfkCY_FJnXnzSNiYD1Zs/edit?usp=sharing) and [sign prototypes on Figma]()


#### Fragmented but Fixable: Public Transportation in Charlottesville 
##### Authors: Caroline Chong,  Rickey Guo, Sung Joon Park, Edward Radion, and Yaman Shrestha

A more unified mobile transit app experience, through focused development on top of the current CAT platform. [Presentation on Google Drive.](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pzGlY2qiOwMG8-Sr2gts_U4k4uN9Z55-FEqStD3vaJA/edit?usp=sharing)

#### [jaunt_leaflet.R](https://github.com/Smart-Cville/CID-2018-Regional-Transit-Challenge/blob/master/jaunt_leaflet.R)
##### Authors: Samantha Toet, Justin Masters, and Nathan Day.

A R script for joining and visualizing JAUNT's service regions together with CAT's bus stops with Leaflet.
